Test plan for Real World System

Supermarket checkout system

A supermarket checkout system is quite complex. Due to a whole range of factors:
Such as multiple registers using the system at one time-dealing with multiple updates/deletes of database/s.
There is endless possibilites as to the combinations of items that can be checked out, so testing can never be fully completed.
Updating system to include new products and promotions etc.
Payment systems.
This is just a few of the more strarightforward issues that have to be dealt with.

The testing for such as system would be bottom up-unit and integration testing.
The best way to begin would be unit test each module applicable to ensure correctness. This would be challenging for some
 modules such as the scan purchases etc. when there is practically infinite products and and infinite combinations.
Modules that would need to be covered:
Basic Register operation- scanning of products, correct price using discounts. This section by itself could be split into 
multiple smaller units before being progressively integrated.
Database/s would need to be fully tested to ensure correct operation.
Payments systems- credit cards, cash etc. further testing for automated register.

These are the three main sections that the program would be composed of-software wise.
The hardware would also need to be tested to ensure correctness.

Once the unit testing of the above sections is complete, integration testing can begin.
Starting with the register operations add database/s and test.
Followed by adding payment system, with and without database/s.
This could all be done without having to use a register terminal.
Finally testing with a register terminal would cover most testing required.

Further testing would need to be completed, mainly to check the load the system can handle as this is very important for a system
such as this. This could be done my simulating multiple registers at once, preferably more than will be used in real system.
Such that the final system will be able to handle multiple registers, a large rate of data transfer and deal with appropriately.

This plan would allow each module-subsystem to be working correctly before any implementation begins. This will remove a lot of
problems that could occur. Hence time, effort and money saved. With a system like this there is always going to be issues with
implementation. Not neccesarily big issues, but bugs are bound to occur. Hence, thorough testing is required, pushing the
boundaries is what is needed.

Three most important types of test:
Unit-One of the most basic test types is crucial for the success of a large system such as this, if you remove errors in the
units, you save a lot of time, effort and money
Integration-Going to be quite complex for such a system but is neccesary, there is no point getting correct units but not
an entire working system. In reality the most crucial part of testing in this case all the units need to work together, correctly.
Load testing-For a system that is going to deal with lots of operations, load testing is vital. In this system, the database will
be getting accessed/modified a lot, by possibly multiple registers at one time. It does depend on the implementation of the system
 as some may have a local database on the terminal, which updates at the end of the day etc. Either way lots of data needs to be 
 dealt with.
 
The unit testing would be white box. The integration-grey box. Load black box.

Tests that are less important:
Compatabilty testing- Probably not required as much. This system would be designed to use the same hardware of replicated
elsewhere, some testing maybe done if a newer model register terminal is used etc. Shouldn't be critical, however could
be an issue if different hardware is used than that specified. Code should be written to allow different hardware to use.
Usability testing-The interface should be designed that such testing is not critical. However, ease of use is something,
the stakeholders(staff using terminals) generally get concerned about. Can have major ramifications if design is not up 
to standards of stakeholders want. Redesign of interface = time and money wasted. Should be correct as possible first time.
User acceptance testing- Unlikely to be critical to system design. More likely issues with hardware, usuability etc.
However could be software change, could be difficult to change code at late stage of development. This is why multiple
meetings need to be conducted such that any changes stakeholders have they can be implemented sooner rather than later.

appox 746 words.
